Amazon mechanical Turk clone: outsource small tasks and jobs who can perform tasks virtually.

One UI for Task creater to upload images
APIs for Task creater :
generate predesigned URL, post task with images, get task
images stored in S3 bucket.
one UI for freelancers (data labellers)
APIs for users:
get tasks
post submissions
get balance of sol crypto
post payout request which will get payment from the Task creater.. of few sol tokens.
Database - web2 DB
storing all tasks, submissions, money to give to all workers.

Worker -
to check if the solana blockchain transaction has paid out the money to worker or not.
RPC Servers -
Remote procedure calls that lets us talk to the blockchain. Whenever a Task creater is defining a transaction of 50 tokens, transaction is signed and sent to the RPC servers via http call.. RPC servers are just network of computers which forms the blockchain.
WE WILL REQUIRE OUR OWN RPC SERVER.. WE CAN SIGN IN TRITION OR QUICKNODE WHICH WILL SETUP A RPC server URL for our backend to hit with our transaction.. Also when in payout api we will need to hit this RPC server.

S3 -
for dumping our images.
2 flows here - 1. We send images to our backend and then backend sending images to S3 bucket. this is not a proper way as our backend must be handling lot of things and also if its serverless then we can't really access their file systems. 2. PreSigned URL - Client sends a request to backend which will get a presigned URL from S3. S3 provides this presigned URL which frontend can use to directly the image. URL will be generated by backend as AWS account is attached to the backend.
presigned URL is just an access for one image with some storage limitation upto 2 mb.. limited permission for S3 for only file for uploading.
Web 2 + web 3 problem-

    1. letting users pay & verify payment to the backend.
    2. Allowing users get payout in their own wallet.
    whenever we want to do transaction, wallet has to be opened via extension.

1. PROCESS : letting users pay & verify payment to the backend.
   Naive Way : While doing transaction, task creater will send money to parent admin wallet to distribute among workers..browser will open the wallet extension wherein we will send the money, and this request will also go to our backend which will get transaction signature from the solana blockchain (solscan) and then we can verify if this transaction signature is valid or not.
   FLAW: As soon as task creater transaction to parent (admin wallet) is completed, we are sending back the transaction signature to our backend with the generated presigned url.. what if after transaction of task creater happened and after we get the transaction signature, the frontend gets disconnected... then if someone has our transaction signature, that user can create tasks on our transaction signature as it is valid. WE ARE RELYING ON CLIENT SIDE TO SEND BACK THE TRANSACTION SIGNATURE WHICH IS NOT SAFE.

SOLUTION: 1. first, WE NEED TO ASSOCIATE OUR task creater'S ACCOUNT WITH THE TASK CREATER'S WALLET ADDRESS to know that 50 dollar submitted by task creater belongs to this particular task creater -- associate a transaction signature with a particular task creater. 2. IDEALLY WE SHOULD DO BLOCKCHAIN INDEXING. (NOT COVERED IN THIS ARCHITECTURE)
Steps : 1. User will get presigned urls to upload images to the s3 bucket. 2. User will do transaction for crypto.. wallet will open. amount will be sent to parent wallet and will get a transaction signature. 3. transaction signature alongwith with task and images will be sent to backend. ..

NOTE: FOR CLIENT, CRYPTO TRANSACTION CAN BE DONE USING WALLET EXTENSION ON BROWSER. WHILE FOR BACKEND, CRYPTO TRANSACTION FROM PARENT WALLET TO A CLIENT WORKER WALLET CAN BE DONE USING PRIVATE KEY OF PARENT WALLET USING SOLANA CLI.
but storing PRIVATE KEY IN BACKEND IS INSECURE, NOT RECOMMENDED. MPC ARCHITECTURE(COMPLICATED) IS RECOMMENDED.

2. PROCESS - Allowing users get payout in their own wallet.
   1. Worker client will send its wallet address to backend to request payment in their own wallet from the parent wallet.
   2. debit the amount from parent wallet and send it to wallet address.
   3. Before doing step 2, we need to keep track if solana blockchain has done our transaction or not.. if the transaction has happened on solana, then only we can debit the amt from parent wallet and send it to wallet address.
      A WORKER CAN KEEP TRACK OF THIS THING. IF transaction is not succeeded, then we can send a failure message to retry the transaction.

STEPS WHILE DEVELOPMENT:
